#labels Featured
==Release 0.3.4==
 * Added constant-time comparisons for verifying digital signatures.
 * Added support for Android and updated support for Windows.
 * Added explicit library context to make library thread-friendlier and support multiple configurations.
 * Added support for BLS12 at the 192-bit security level curve and updated formulas for line functions in pairing computation.
 * Added preliminary support for library fixes. Full support should come in next version (0.4.0).
 * Lots of bug fixes and polishing.

==Release 0.3.3==
 * Licensing change.
 * RSA is now able to sign a precomputed hash.

==Release 0.3.2==

 * Refactored code for pairings over binary and prime fields.
 * Faster GMP backend.
 * Released backends for TI MSP430 platform.

==Release 0.3.1==

 * Added a new backend for instantiating TinyPBC at the 80-bit security level on AVR sensors.
 * Added a new backend for primitive CURVE2251 on SSE-capable platforms and the corresponding preset.
 * Improved compatibility with Windows platforms.
 * Minor speedups in pairing code and new parameters at the 192-bit security level.
 * Square roots can now be computed when p = 1 mod 4.
 * Added pairings defined over supersingular genus-2 curves over binary fields.
 * Added ECMQV protocol.
 * Fixed MANY bugs and memory leaks.

==Release 0.3.0==

 * Faster pairings over BN curves using lazy reduction (more to come on 0.3.1!).
 * First bits of ternary field arithmetic and time-space trade-offs for computing fixed powers of binary fields.
 * Support for supersingular genus-2 curves over binary fields.
 * Elliptic curve Schnorr signatures and BLS and Boneh-Boyen short signature schemes.
 * Better standards-compliance and new padding schemes for RSA.
 * Fixed MANY bugs.

==Release 0.2.3==

 * Fixed a TinyPBC integration bug.

==Release 0.2.2==

 * Updated the TinyPBC AVR profile and released the arithmetic backend for fast binary field arithmetic and fast pairing computation on AVR devices.

==Release 0.2.1==

 * Added a new faster memory allocator called AUTO. It is now the default and will replace the STACK allocator in the next releases.
 * Several bugs fixed.

==Release 0.2.0==

 * Added support for prime fields and standard NIST curves over prime fields.
 * Added support for Barreto-Naehrig pairing-friendly curves and the R-ate pairing.
 * Added an abstraction layer so that protocols can be implemented over a generic pairing e : G_1 x G_2 -> G_T.

==Release 0.1.2==

 * Fixed several OSX-only bugs.

==Release 0.1.1==

 * Included support for TinyPBC targets.

==Release 0.1.0==

 * Initial release supporting multi-precision arithmetic, binary fields, NIST binary curves and the nT pairing over supersingular curves.