#labels Featured
The projects below augment RELIC's capabilities for different applications:

  * [http://crysp.uwaterloo.ca/software/ C++/Python wrapper contributed by UWaterloo CrySP reserach group]

  * [http://www.charm-crypto.com/Main.html Charm: A tool for rapid cryptographic prototyping]

The papers below directly employ RELIC as a building block for efficient implementations of cryptography:

  * Jeremy Day, Yizhou Huang, Edward Knapp, Ian Goldberg: SPEcTRe: spot-checked private ecash tolling at roadside. WPES 2011: 61-68

  * Rehana Yasmin, Eike Ritter, Guilin Wang: An Authentication Framework for Wireless Sensor Networks Using Identity-Based Signatures: Implementation and Evaluation. IEICE Transactions 95-D(1): 126-133 (2012)

  * Gurleen Grewal, Reza Azarderakhsh, Patrick Longa, Shi Hu, David Jao: Efficient Implementation of Bilinear Pairings on ARM Processors. Selected Areas in Cryptography 2012: 149-165

  * Diego F. Aranha, Jean-Luc Beuchat, Jérémie Detrey, Nicolas Estibals: Optimal Eta Pairing on Supersingular Genus-2 Binary Hyperelliptic Curves. CT-RSA 2012: 98-115

  * Diego F. Aranha, Laura Fuentes-Castañeda, Edward Knapp, Alfred Menezes, Francisco Rodríguez-Henríquez: Implementing Pairings at the 192-Bit Security Level. Pairing 2012: 177-195

  * Leonardo B. Oliveira, Diego F. Aranha, Conrado Porto Lopes Gouvêa, Michael Scott, Danilo F. Câmara, Julio López, Ricardo Dahab: TinyPBC: Pairings for authenticated identity-based non-interactive key distribution in sensor networks. Computer Communications 34(3): 485-493 (2011)

  * Diego F. Aranha, Koray Karabina, Patrick Longa, Catherine H. Gebotys, Julio López: Faster Explicit Formulas for Computing Pairings over Ordinary Curves. EUROCRYPT 2011: 48-68

  * Diego F. Aranha, Edward Knapp, Alfred Menezes, Francisco Rodríguez-Henríquez: Parallelizing the Weil and Tate Pairings. IMA Int. Conf. 2011: 275-295

  * Diego F. Aranha, Julio López, Darrel Hankerson: High-Speed Parallel Software Implementation of the ηT Pairing. CT-RSA 2010: 89-105

  * Diego F. Aranha, Julio López, Darrel Hankerson: Efficient Software Implementation of Binary Field Arithmetic Using Vector Instruction Sets. LATINCRYPT 2010: 144-161